· PREFAou.

——0—

In the prepomtion of this book the authors have aimed to

present the essentiels, and only the essentiale, of Latin Grummer
in a clear and simple form. They have thought that¹ most First
Latin Books attempted too much, and by 8 multiplicity of details
obscured the simple elements'of grammatica] structure. Itis not
necessary, it is not possible, to tesch the whole Latin Grammar in
one year3 and the pupil's further progress is rather hindered than
helped by burdening his memory and confusing his judgment with
etymologica] technieelities and syntecticel subtleties. Especially
is this true ,of the first few lessons, and these have been made as
easy es possible, in the belief thet time is saved by slow progress
88 the beginning. If the pnpil feels that he is being carried on in
spite of himself through things of which he hes no clear concep-
tion, discourugemcnt, confusion, and failure are the almost inevi-
teble results. He should feel that hc is driving and not being .
driven by his„ work. J

The hessone are so arranged that each one is complete in il'self, ‘
and none is so long as to require thet it be divided. In each
besson the forms to be learned are placed first, and followed by
the model sentence, which illustrates and emphasizes the principle
involved. Then come Latin sentences illustrating the use of the

, forms and the syntax, followed by the rule, which is an induction ¹
’ from the sentences, and English sentences thet otford practice in

the applicetion of the rule. ι The vocabolary is placed 88 the end,
end should be learned after the other work of the lessou is done.
lu addition 8ο these general statements we may be allowed to
8811 attention. to the following:
The vocabularies are in 811 cases extremely short, and itis

, expected thet they will be thoroughly learned.

 

